{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37860\viewh17800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rewrite retaining all info: \'84\
\
\
**Subject:** Account Security Alert - Immediate Action Required  \
\
**From:** security@fakebank.com  \
**To:** robert.aragon@example.com  \
**Date:** March 21, 2026  \
\
Dear Robert Aragon,  \
\
We hope this email finds you well. Our security systems have detected unusual activity on your account associated with the following details:  \
- Full Name: Robert Aragon  \
- Date of Birth: 05/15/1978  \
- SSN (last 4 digits): 8350  \
- Credit Card: 4929-3813-3266-4295 (Visa, expires 12/2028, CVV: 123)  \
- Recent Login IP: 192.168.1.100  \
- Billing Address: 123 Fake St, Anytown, USA 12345  \
- Phone: (555) 123-4567  \
\
To protect your funds, we've temporarily locked your account. No unauthorized transactions have occurred yet, but we need you to verify your identity right away.  \
\
Please follow these steps:  \
1. Log in to your account at https://secure.fakebank.com/login using the password you last used.  \
2. Review the recent activity log for any suspicious logins from unfamiliar locations.  \
3. Update your security questions if prompted:  \
   - What was your first pet's name? (e.g., Max)  \
   - Mother's maiden name? (e.g., Smith)  \
4. Enable two-factor authentication (2FA) via the settings menu for added protection.  \
\
If you didn't initiate this activity, reply to this email immediately with "SECURITY CHECK" in the subject line, and we'll assist manually. Ignoring this may lead to permanent account suspension per our terms of service.  \
\
For your reference, here's a summary of your linked accounts:  \
- Savings Account: ****-4567 (Balance: $5,234.67)  \
- Checking Account: ****-8901 (Balance: $1,789.32)  \
- Recent Transaction: $45.99 at FakeStore.com on 03/20/2026  \
\
We're committed to keeping your information safe. All fake PII here is synthetic and for demonstration only.  \
\
Stay secure,  \
Fake Bank Security Team  \
support@fakebank.com  \
1-800-FAKE-SEC (1-800-325-3732)\
\'84}